---
layout:             post
permalink:          /events/2014-05-09-brisbane
country:            Australia
city:               Brisbane
street:             "ThoughtWorks Brisbane, 127 Creek St #19"
latitude:           -27.4658599
longitude:          153.0275317
start-date:         2014-05-09
end-date:           2014-05-10
registration-url:
city-image-url:     https://github.com/ClojureBridge/clojurebridge.org/raw/master/app/assets/images/events/brisbane.jpg
gravatar-email:     hugo.firth@gmail.com
organizers:         [{"email": "hugo.firth@gmail.com", "github": "firthh", "name": "Hugo Firth", "twitter": "hugo_firth"}]
sponsors:           []
---

This workshop is intended to reach out to women who are interested in learning programming with Clojure. Men are welcome to come if you find a woman who wants to learn Clojure and come together. ClojureBridge is emphatically queer and trans friendly.
In this workshop, we'll take you through building a complete web application from scratch using Clojure. By the end of the workshop, you'll have an application on the internet that connects to the World Bank Indicators API and reads, analyzes, and displays interesting information. We'll meet up on Friday to install all of the software you need, and then spend Saturday learning and writing code.

The focus of our workshop is people who are new to programming, so complete beginners are welcome!

## Prerequisites

- A reasonably up-to-date laptop running Windows or OS X
- A power cord
- A little patience
- A little curiosity

## Location

ThoughtWorks<br />
Level 19, 127 Creek St.<br />
Brisbane, QLD, 4000

## Transportation & Parking

ThoughtWorks is located on Creek st. There is no parking available in the building and very limited parking on the streets even during the weekend. The nearest paid parking is a Wilsons Parking block located on Wharf St, near the corner of Adelaide St. Central station is located less than a block away, and King George Square bus terminal is less than 2 blocks away.

## Food & Drinks

We'll have dinner and beverages on Friday night, and breakfast, lunch, and snacks on Saturday. If you have any dietary restrictions, please note these when you register for the workshop.

### Afterparty

Plan on grabbing drinks with us after the workshop on Saturday. The first round is on us! *Location TBD.*
