---
layout:             post
permalink:          /events/2016-10-14-boston
country:            United States
city:               Boston
street:             77 Massachusetts Ave
latitude:           42.3592151
longitude:          -71.0930055
start-date:         2016-10-14
end-date:           2016-10-15
registration-url:
city-image-url:     https://github.com/ClojureBridge/clojurebridge.org/raw/master/app/assets/images/events/boston.jpg
gravatar-email:     mark.champine@gmail.com
organizers:         [{"email": null, "github": null, "name": "Ed Sumitra", "twitter": "ed_sumitra"}, {"email": "clojurebridgeboston@gmail.com", "github": "elenam", "name": "Elena Machkasova", "twitter": "elenam_clj"}, {"email": "mark.champine@gmail.com", "github": "mchampine", "name": "Mark Champine", "twitter": "mchampine"}, {"email": null, "github": null, "name": "Katherine Paras", "twitter": "kit_paras"}, {"email": null, "github": null, "name": "Jon Anthony", "twitter": null}]
sponsors:           [{"image": "http://s3.amazonaws.com/clojurebridge/original/155/687474703a2f2f7777772e6372696d736f6e68657861676f6e2e636f6d2f636f6e74656e742f7468656d65732f63682f696d616765732f4372696d736f6e2d48657861676f6e2d4c6f676f2e6a7067.jpeg?1474463489", "name": "Crimson Hexagon", "url": "http://www.crimsonhexagon.com"}, {"image": "http://s3.amazonaws.com/clojurebridge/original/154/687474703a2f2f636365732d6b616373742d6d69742e6f72672f73697465732f64656661756c742f66696c65732f63636573325f302e706e67.png?1472772771", "name": "MIT CCES", "url": "http://cces-kacst-mit.org/"}, {"image": "http://s3.amazonaws.com/clojurebridge/original/156/47c1d442-854f-11e6-87a4-ad8a5545661f.png?1475068249", "name": "Sonian, Inc.", "url": "http://www.sonian.com/"}]
---

ClojureBridge Workshop is aimed at increasing women's participation in the Clojure community. A free 1-day workshop will be held in Cambridge, MA on Saturday October 15 2016 with an optional install fest on Friday late afternoon October 14 2016. The workshop is intended both for those new to programming, as well as those with some programming experience, who would like to explore programming using Clojure, a modern functional programming language.

The workshop will introduce you to fundamental programming concepts and approaches. Participants can choose between two tracks, based on their programming experience. Participants can install the required software for the workshop by themselves. For those who would like help or prefer to to install software as a group, we will meet Friday late afternoon to install all of the software. Saturday will be spent  learning and practicing Clojure programming. You will be working in small groups of 2 to 4 attendees each. Each participant needs to bring a laptop computer with a fairly recent operating system (Mac, Linux or Windows). If you have questions about your hardware or you don’t have a laptop, don’t hesitate to send an email to the organizers before the event.

**Who can to attend?**

The workshop is open to all women, trans*, and gender nonconforming people. Men are welcome if they are an invited guest of a student who qualifies by the above definition. Attendees inviting a guest should select quantity 2 when signing up for tickets, and fill out their guest's information in the 2nd ticket.

**Code of Conduct:**
The workshop provides a safe and welcoming environment for everyone, so we will be asking all learners and event volunteers to respect our Code of Conduct ( http://bridgefoundry.org/code-of-conduct/ ), which will be strictly enforced. Our aim is that ClojureBridge Boston will introduce learners to new possibilities in programming and make the tech community in Boston a more diverse and interesting place.

**Venue**: MIT Center for Complex Engineering Systems (CCES)<br/>
Directions to the specific building will be provided by email when you register.

**Registration**: Opens Mon Sept. 12 at 4pm

**RSVP and waitlist:**
If you have registered and find out that you can no longer attend, please email clojurebridgeboston@gmail.com so that we can we can accommodate another Clojure-interested person from a waitlist. We will also send all registered attendees an email about a week before the event asking you to RSVP. If you are on the waitlist, please check your email a few days before the event to see if we’ve got a spot for you

**Friday Schedule (optional):**
6:00 PM - 8:00PM InstallFest

**Saturday Schedule:**<br/>
9:00 AM Doors open. Coffee and breakfast snacks.<br/>
9:30 AM Welcome and introductions.<br/>
10:00 AM Track 1 & 2 workshops.<br/>
11:30 AM Women in technology panel discussion.<br/>
12:30 PM Lunch.<br/>
1:30 PM Track 1 & 2 workshops continued.<br/>
3:15 PM Break.<br/>
3:30 PM Track 1 & 2 workshop.<br/>
5:00 PM After party TBD<br/>

If you have any questions, please email clojurebridgeboston@gmail.com. Mark or Elena will be happy to get back to you.
