---
layout:             post
permalink:          /events/2016-03-18-boston
country:            United States
city:               Cambridge
street:             Akamai Technologies, Kendall Square - 150 Broadway St.
latitude:           42.3642979
longitude:          -71.0892286
start-date:         2016-03-18
end-date:           2016-03-19
registration-url:
city-image-url:     assets/images/events/boston.jpg
gravatar-email:     mark.champine@gmail.com
organizers:         [{"email": "mark.champine@gmail.com", "github": null, "name": "Mark Champine", "twitter": "mchampine"}, {"email": "elenam@morris.umn.edu", "github": "elenam", "name": "Elena Machkasova", "twitter": "elenam_clj"}, {"email": null, "github": "lrraymond13", "name": "Lindsey Raymond", "twitter": "LindseyRRay"}, {"email": null, "github": null, "name": "Ed Sumitra", "twitter": "ed_sumitra"}, {"email": null, "github": null, "name": "Chris Vermilion", "twitter": "cvermilion"}, {"email": null, "github": null, "name": "Jon Anthony", "twitter": null}]
sponsors:           [{"image": "http://s3.amazonaws.com/clojurebridge/original/96/f01c0788-cf70-11e5-85c6-2f72e5857a79.png?1455156213", "name": "Akamai", "url": "https://www.akamai.com/"}, {"image": "http://s3.amazonaws.com/clojurebridge/original/97/1c18fdd2-cf71-11e5-8fcc-be605b5c181b.png?1455156255", "name": "Curriculum Associates", "url": "http://www.curriculumassociates.com/"}]
---

ClojureBridge Workshop for Women is is a free 2-day workshop that will be held in Cambridge, MA on March 18 & 19 2016 and is intended for those new to programming, as well as those with some programming experience, who would like to explore programming using Clojure, a modern functional programming language. The workshop will introduce you to fundamental programming concepts and approaches. Participants can choose between two tracks, based on their programming experience.
We'll meet up Friday late afternoon to install all of the software you need, and then spend Saturday learning and writing code. You will learn and practice in small groups of 2 to 4 attendees each.
Each participant needs to bring a laptop computer with a fairly recent operating system (Mac, Linux or Windows). If you have questions about your hardware or you don’t have a laptop, don’t hesitate to send an e-mail to the organizers before the event.

#### Who can to attend? ####
The workshop is open to all women, trans*, and gender non-conforming people.  Men are welcome if they are an invited guest of a student who qualifies by the above definition. Attendees inviting a male guest should select quantity 2 when signing up for tickets, and fill out their guest's information in the 2nd ticket.

#### Code of Conduct: ####
We want to provide a safe and welcoming environment for everyone, so we will be asking all learners and event volunteers to respect our Code of Conduct ( http://bridgefoundry.org/code-of-conduct/ ), which will be strictly enforced. Our aim is that ClojureBridge Boston will introduce learners to new possibilities in programming and make the tech community in Boston a more diverse and interesting place.

#### RSVP and waitlist: ####
If you have registered and find out that you can no longer attend, please email clojurebridgeboston@gmail.com so that we can we can accommodate another Clojure-interested person from a waitlist. We will also send all registered attendees an email about a week before the event asking you to RSVP. If you are on the waitlist, please check your email a few days before the event to see if we’ve got a spot for you

#### Friday Schedule: ####
6:00 PM - 9:00PM  InstallFest and pizza.

#### Saturday Schedule: ####

8:30 AM Doors open. Coffee and breakfast snacks.<br/>
9:00 AM Welcome and introductions. <br/>
9:30 AM Track 1 & 2 workshops.<br/>
11:00 AM Women in technology panel discussion.<br/>
12:00 PM Lunch.<br/>
1:00 PM Track 1 & 2 workshops continued.<br/>
2:45 PM Break.<br/>
3:00 PM Track 1 & 2 workshop.<br/>
5:00 PM After party TBD<br/>

If you have any questions, please email clojurebridgeboston@gmail.com. Mark or Elena will be happy to get back to you.
