---
layout:             post
permalink:          /events/2016-09-30-london
country:            United Kingdom
city:               London
street:             Thoughtworks, 76-78 Wardour Street
latitude:           51.5131488
longitude:          -0.1336203
start-date:         2016-09-30
end-date:           2016-10-01
registration-url:
city-image-url:     https://github.com/ClojureBridge/clojurebridge.org/raw/master/app/assets/images/events/london.jpg
gravatar-email:     john@jr0cket.co.uk
organizers:         [{"email": "john@jr0cket.co.uk", "github": "jr0cket", "name": "John Stevenson", "twitter": "jr0cket"}, {"email": null, "github": "yolinas", "name": "Yolina Sotirova", "twitter": "yolinasotirova"}, {"email": null, "github": "duncanmortimer", "name": "Duncan Mortimer", "twitter": null}]
sponsors:           [{"image": "http://s3.amazonaws.com/clojurebridge/original/121/thoughtworks-logo.png?1472495962", "name": "Thoughtworks ", "url": "https://www.thoughtworks.com/"}]
---

ClojureBridge London aims to further increase diversity within the Clojure community by offering free, beginner-friendly Clojure programming workshops for underrepresented groups in tech. Priority is given to those who identify as women, trans-gener or non-binary gender. Males may register as a guest of one of these participants.

The workshop material supports those with little or no programming experience and introduces them to programming concepts. We organise attendees into small groups with at least one teacher and one assistant.

# Event Schedule
* 30th September - evening session - we ensure you have a working development environment give a general introduction to what you can do with Clojure.
* 1st October - day session - you will be guided through the Clojure concepts and exercises.

Its essential to attend the evening session on the 30th September if you wish to attend the workshop the next day.  This avoids delays for other attendees during the workshop.

Food and drinks will be provided throughout the event, so please let us know if you have any special requirements when you register.

# Code of Conduct
We provide a safe and welcoming environment for everyone, so we will be asking all learners and event volunteers to adhere to our code of conduce, an anti-harassment policy which will be strictly enforced.

# Requirements
Each participant needs to bring a laptop that runs either Mac, Linux or Windows operating system. If you have questions about your hardware, send an email to one of the organizers before the event!

# Contacting the Organisers
If you have questions about the event, please get in touch via the meetup.com event page
