---
layout:             post
permalink:          /events/2017-03-17-boston
country:            United States
city:               Cambridge
street:             Akamai Technologies, Kendall Square 150 Broadway St.
latitude:           42.3643154
longitude:          -71.0892584
start-date:         2017-03-17
end-date:           2017-03-18
registration-url:
city-image-url:     https://github.com/ClojureBridge/clojurebridge.org/raw/master/app/assets/images/events/boston.jpg
gravatar-email:
organizers:         [{"email": null, "github": null, "name": "Jon Anthony", "twitter": null}, {"email": null, "github": "elenam", "name": "Elena Machkasova", "twitter": "elenam_clj"}, {"email": null, "github": null, "name": "Katherine Paras", "twitter": "kit_paras"}, {"email": null, "github": null, "name": "Ed Sumitra", "twitter": "ed_sumitra"}, {"email": "mark.champine@gmail.com", "github": "mchampine", "name": "Mark Champine", "twitter": "mchampine"}]
sponsors:           [{"image": "http://s3.amazonaws.com/clojurebridge/original/188/74f36b76-e98e-11e6-9117-8e1caa79a678.png?1486413679", "name": "Akamai", "url": "https://www.akamai.com/"}, {"image": "http://s3.amazonaws.com/clojurebridge/original/189/017b0a50-ecb8-11e6-9234-83f60425a29d.jpeg?1486441698", "name": "Crimson Hexagon", "url": "https://www.crimsonhexagon.com/"}, {"image": "http://s3.amazonaws.com/clojurebridge/original/199/sonian.png?1489522964", "name": "Sonian, Inc.", "url": "http://www.sonian.com/"}]
---

#### Venue: Akamai Technologies, Kendall Square Broadway St. Cambridge, MA 02142

ClojureBridge Workshop is aimed at increasing women's participation in the Clojure community. A free 1-day workshop will be held in Cambridge, MA on Saturday March 18, 2017 with an optional install fest on Friday late afternoon March 17, 2017. The workshop helps explore programming using Clojure, a modern functional programming language, and is intended both for those new to programming and those with some programming experience.

The workshop will introduce you to fundamental programming concepts and approaches. Participants can choose between two tracks, based on their programming experience. Participants can install the required software for the workshop by themselves. For those who would like help or prefer to install software as a group, we will meet Friday late afternoon to install all of the software. Saturday will be spent learning and practicing Clojure programming. You will be working in small groups of 2 to 4 attendees each. Each participant needs to bring a laptop computer with a fairly recent operating system (Mac, Linux or Windows). If you have questions about your hardware or you don’t have a laptop, don’t hesitate to send an email to the organizers before the event.


### Who can to attend?

The workshop is open to all women, trans*, and gender nonconforming people. Men are welcome if they are an invited guest of a student who qualifies by the above definition. Attendees inviting a guest should select quantity 2 when signing up for tickets, and fill out their guest's information in the 2nd ticket.

**Code of Conduct:** The workshop provides a safe and welcoming environment for everyone, so we will be asking all learners and event volunteers to respect our Code of Conduct (http://bridgefoundry.org/code-of-conduct/ ), which will be strictly enforced. Our aim is that ClojureBridge Boston will introduce learners to new possibilities in programming and make the tech community in Boston a more diverse and interesting place.

### RSVP and waitlist:

If you have registered and find out that you can no longer attend, please email clojurebridgeboston@gmail.com so that we can we can accommodate another Clojure-interested person from a waitlist. We will also send all registered attendees an email about a week before the event asking you to RSVP. If you are on the waitlist, please check your email a few days before the event to see if we’ve got a spot for you

Friday Schedule (optional):<br/>
6:00 PM - 8:00PM InstallFest<br/>
<br/>
Saturday Schedule:<br/>
9:00 AM Doors open. Coffee and breakfast snacks.<br/>
9:30 AM Welcome and introductions.<br/>
10:00 AM Track 1 & 2 workshops.<br/>
11:30 AM Women in technology panel discussion.<br/>
12:30 PM Lunch.<br/>
1:30 PM Track 1 & 2 workshops continued.<br/>
3:15 PM Break.<br/>
3:30 PM Track 1 & 2 workshop.<br/>
5:00 PM Social time<br/>

If you have any questions, please email clojurebridgeboston@gmail.com. Mark or Elena will be happy to get back to you.
