---
layout:             post
permalink:          /events/2017-02-24-toronto
country:            Canada
city:               Toronto
street:             46 Spadina Ave
latitude:           43.6446249
longitude:          -79.3951973
start-date:         2017-02-24
end-date:           2017-02-25
registration-url:
city-image-url:     assets/images/events/toronto.jpg
gravatar-email:     katie@circleci.com
organizers:         [{"email": "katie@circleci.com", "github": "KatieStarks", "name": "Katie Ballinger", "twitter": "KTStarks"}]
sponsors:           [{"image": "http://s3.amazonaws.com/clojurebridge/original/187/circleci.png?1485391439", "name": "CircleCI", "url": "http://circleci.com/"}]
---

**Venue:** <br/>
Lighthouse Labs, Floor 4, 46 Spadina Ave, Toronto, ON M5V 2H8

ClojureBridge is a free 1-day workshop aimed at increasing the participation of women in the Clojure community. It will be held in Toronto, on Saturday February 25th, 2017 with an optional install fest on Friday February 24th, 2017 in the evening. The workshop is intended both for those new to programming, as well as those with some programming experience who would like to explore programming using Clojure, a modern functional programming language.

The workshop will introduce you to fundamental programming concepts and approaches. Participants will fill out a quick survey to help us create groups based on prior knowledge and understanding. Although participants can install the required software for the workshop on their own, it is recommended everyone attend on Friday to set up their programming environment. Saturday will be spent learning and practicing Clojure programming. You will be working in small groups of 4 to 6 attendees each. Each participant needs to bring a laptop computer with a fairly recent operating system (Mac, Linux or Windows). If you have questions about your hardware or you don’t have a laptop, please don’t hesitate to send an email to the organizers before the event.

**Who can attend?**

The workshop is open to all women, trans*, and gender nonconforming people. Male identified people are welcome if they are an invited guest of a participant. Attendees inviting a guest should select quantity 2 when signing up for tickets, and fill out their guest's information in the 2nd ticket.

**Code of Conduct:**

The workshop provides a safe and welcoming environment for everyone, so we will be asking all learners and event volunteers to respect our Code of Conduct ( http://bridgefoundry.org/code-of-conduct/ ), which will be strictly enforced. Our aim is that ClojureBridge Toronto will introduce learners to new possibilities in programming and grow the tech community into a more diverse and interesting group.

**Friday Schedule:**<br/>
6:00 PM - 9:00PM InstallFest drop-in


**Saturday Schedule:**<br/>
9:00 AM Doors open. Coffee and breakfast snacks.<br/>
9:30 AM Welcome and introductions.<br/>
10:00 AM group workshops.<br/>
12:30 PM Lunch.<br/>
1:30 PM group workshops.<br/>
3:15 PM Break.<br/>
3:30 PM group workshop.<br/>
5:00 PM After party TBD<br/>

If you have any questions, please email katie@circleci.com.
